Fix linspace optimization (#2644)
scipp/scipp: docs/about/release-notes.rst

~~~~~~~~

* Fix bug where coordinates in were dropped by :func:`scipp.transform_coords` with ``keep_*=False`` even through they were specified as ``targets`` `#2642 <https://github.com/scipp/scipp/pull/2642>`_.

> * Fix segmentation fault in :func:`scipp.bin` when binning in 2 or more dimensions withs certain coordinate values `#2644 <https://github.com/scipp/scipp/pull/2644>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix segmentation fault in :func:`scipp.bin` when binning in 2 or more dimensions with certain coordinate values `#2644 <https://github.com/scipp/scipp/pull/2644>`_.
```

* Fix issue with events close to upper or lower bin bounds getting dropped by :func:`scipp.bin` and :func:`scipp.histogram` when binning with edges that form a "linspace" `#2644 <https://github.com/scipp/scipp/pull/2644>`_.

> * Fix minor issue with events close bin bounds getting assign to wrong bin by :func:`scipp.bin` and :func:`scipp.histogram` when binning with edges that form a "linspace" `#2644 <https://github.com/scipp/scipp/pull/2644>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix minor issue with events close to bin bounds getting assigned to the wrong bin by :func:`scipp.bin` and :func:`scipp.histogram` when binning with edges that form a "linspace" `#2644 <https://github.com/scipp/scipp/pull/2644>`_.
```
